feat(web-shell): Add sidebar customization API for branding, navigation, session actions, and footer (#7379)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/developers/daemon-ui/sidebar-customization.md

interface WebShellSidebarFooterOptions {
  items?: readonly WebShellSidebarFooterItem[]; // which built-in items to show (default: all)
  render?: () => ReactNode; // custom content rendered on the left side, before built-in items
}
```

| Value                                          | Effect                  |
| ---------------------------------------------- | ----------------------- |
| `undefined` (default)                          | All items shown         |
| `false`                                        | Footer hidden entirely  |
| `{ items: ['settings', 'theme', 'collapse'] }` | Only listed items shown |

The footer auto-adapts to narrow widths: labels are hidden and version is
dropped below certain thresholds.

```tsx
sidebar={{
  footer: { items: ['theme', 'collapse'] },  // minimal footer
}}
```

Custom content via `render()` appears on the left side of the footer, before
the built-in items:

```tsx
sidebar={{
  footer: {
    items: ['collapse'],
    render: () => (
      <button onClick={() => openHelpCenter()}>
        ❓ Help
      </button>
    ),
  },
}}
```

**Note:** `'scheduledTasks'` and `'goals'` have been moved to the primary

> navigation area (②) and are now always visible. They are no longer controlled

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The footer note claims scheduledTasks and goals are "now always visible," but the code gates both behind `primaryNavItems.has(...)`, and the same doc's Primary Navigation section says "Only the listed buttons are shown when `items` is provided" — the doc contradicts itself. — Failure scenario: a developer reads "always visible" and concludes they cannot be hidden, or discovers `primaryNav: { items: ['newTask'] }` does hide them and files a bug against the doc claim.

```suggestion
navigation area (②) and are now shown by default. They are controlled by `primaryNav.items` instead of
```

_— qwen3.8-max-preview via Qwen Code /review_

by `footer.items`.

### Other top-level options

```ts
interface WebShellSidebarOptions {
  enabled?: boolean; // show/hide sidebar (default: true when passed)
  defaultCollapsed?: boolean; // initial collapsed state (persisted in localStorage)
  showCompactToggle?: boolean; // show the collapse button in the chat area (default: true)
  branding?: false | WebShellSidebarBranding;
  primaryNav?: WebShellSidebarPrimaryNavOptions;
  hideProjectHeader?: boolean; // hide "Projects" header row (default: false = shown)
  sessionActions?: WebShellSidebarSessionActionsOptions;
  footer?: false | WebShellSidebarFooterOptions;
}
```

### ③ Project Header — `hideProjectHeader`

Controls visibility of the "Projects" header row (the row with the collapse
toggle, search icon, and add workspace button). Defaults to `false` (shown).

```tsx
sidebar={{
  hideProjectHeader: true,  // hide the "项目 ▼ [🔍] [＋]" row
}}
```

When hidden, the session list entries and archived sessions are still shown —

> only the header row with its action buttons is removed.

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Doc says "only the header row with its action buttons is removed" but `hideProjectHeader: true` also removes the session search bar (a separate sibling `<div>` at `WebShellSidebar.tsx:3707`). The search toggle button lives inside the header, so hiding the header removes the only way to open search. — Failure scenario: a consumer sets `hideProjectHeader: true` expecting to declutter but keep search; search is silently removed with no alternative path.

```suggestion
the header row with its action buttons and the session search bar are removed.
```

_— qwen3.8-max-preview via Qwen Code /review_

### Session Row Actions — `sessionActions`

```ts
type WebShellSidebarSessionActionItem =
  | 'details' // 📝 Details (dropdown sub-menu)
  | 'rename' // ✏️ Rename (dropdown menu)
  | 'group' // 📁 Group/Move to folder (dropdown menu)
  | 'export' // 📤 Export chat history (dropdown menu)
  | 'delete' // 🗑 Delete session (dropdown menu)
  | 'pin' // 📌 Pin/Unpin (inline button)
  | 'archive'; // 📦 Archive (inline button)

interface WebShellSidebarSessionActionsOptions {
  items?: readonly WebShellSidebarSessionActionItem[]; // which actions to show (default: all)

>   inlineItems?: readonly WebShellSidebarSessionActionItem[]; // which items appear as inline buttons (default: ['pin', 'archive'])

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Doc shows `inlineItems` typed as `readonly WebShellSidebarSessionActionItem[]` but the actual interface uses the narrower `WebShellSidebarSessionInlineActionItem[]` (excludes `'details'` and `'group'`). — Failure scenario: a developer reads this doc and writes `inlineItems: ['details']`; TypeScript rejects it because `'details'` is not assignable to `WebShellSidebarSessionInlineActionItem`. The doc text "Any known action item can be used as an inline button" reinforces the wrong expectation.

```suggestion
  inlineItems?: readonly WebShellSidebarSessionInlineActionItem[]; // which items appear as inline buttons (default: ['pin', 'archive'])
```

_— qwen3.8-max-preview via Qwen Code /review_

**Visibility priority**: Both `items` AND the item's built-in condition AND `inlineItems` must all pass for the inline button to show. For example, `delete` as inline requires `items` to include `'delete'` AND `inlineItems` to include `'delete'`.

| Value                                    | Effect                                     |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| `undefined` (default)                    | All actions shown, pin + archive as inline |
| `{ inlineItems: ['pin', 'delete'] }`     | Pin + delete as inline buttons             |
| `{ inlineItems: [] }`                    | No inline buttons at all                   |
| `{ inlineItems: ['archive', 'export'] }` | Archive + export as inline buttons         |

The dropdown trigger (⋮) is automatically hidden when no dropdown items
are enabled. Inline buttons (`pin`, `archive`) are only shown when both
their capability condition and `items` include them.

```tsx
sidebar={{
  sessionActions: {

>     items: ['details', 'rename', 'export', 'delete'],  // dropdown items

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The example comment claims "pin + delete as inline buttons" but `pin` is absent from `items`, so `sessionActionItems.has('pin')` is false and pin never renders. The comment `// dropdown items` on `items` is also misleading — `items` is the master control for both inline and dropdown. — Failure scenario: a consumer copies this example expecting pin + delete inline; only delete appears, pin is silently absent.

```suggestion
    items: ['details', 'rename', 'export', 'delete', 'pin'],  // which actions to show (master control)
```

_— qwen3.8-max-preview via Qwen Code /review_
